# 5G measurement data
This repository contains CSV files of 5G NSA measurements recorded by Munster Technological University (MTU) in the scope of the InSecTT project. The data was recorded using a Klas Telecom TRX-R6 device with a Telit FN980 modem, using a 5G mobile broadband SIM from a commercial operator. The uplink data rate was measured using UDP traffic generated by iPerf.

There are 8 columns in the data sets: Timestamp of the sample, RSRP for the 4G link, RSRQ for the 4G link, RSSI for the 4G link, NR_RSRP for the 5G link, NR_RSRQ for the 5G link, NR_RSSI for the 5G link, sent bytes as recorded by the modem driver, data rate calculated from sent bytes and timestamp. If there is a ninth column, this column shows the 5G uplink channel bandwidth in MHz.

Data5G_151221.csv contains data recorded on 15 December 2021 in and around Cork city centre.

Data5G_171221.csv contains data recorded on 17 December 2021, travelling on a route MTU -> Cork University Hospital -> University College Cork -> MTU.

Data5G_110822.csv contains data recorded on 11 August 2022, travelling on a route from MTU -> Victoria Cross -> Sundays Well -> City Centre -> University College Cork -> MTU.

Data5G_static4Gonly_110122.csv contains data recorded on 11 January 2022, in a static location on MTU campus where only 4G coverage was available.
It is included here to represent a situation where the 5G modem has no access to 5G.

Data5G_static5G_070322.csv contains data recorded on 07 March 2022, in a static location in Cork City where 5G coverage was available.
Note that the data rates in this measurement are relatively low, which can be explained by the 5G channel parameters also being low, indicating borderline coverage in this static location.

Data5G_stationary_lowtraffic_270622.csv contains data recorded over several hours on 27 June 2022, in a stationary location on MTU campus.
No iPerf traffic was sent during this recording, so the traffic going over the interface was low, not maxing out the interface. Instead, the purpose here was to record a long-term sequence of channel parameter values.
Even though the location was stationary, 5G went on and off during the recording, in part due to traffic or nor traffic on the interface, and in part due to fluctuations in coverage.


The subfolder "cleaned" contains the first four recordings, but with three kinds of entries removed:
- The first few samples before iPerf UDP traffic generation started.
- Any lines where no channel parameters were obtained (i.e. all parameters are zeros).
- Any lines where the sent bytes parameter could not be obtained from the modem, and the next line in each of those cases (missing sent bytes parameter leads to miscalculated data rates).


The subfolder "all_interfaces" contains data recorded on 20 August 2022, travelling on a route from MTU -> Victoria Cross -> Sundays Well -> City Centre -> University College Cork -> MTU.
For this recording, iPerf traffic was sent on all three interfaces (3G, 4G and 5G modems). The 3G and 4G recordings are in the files DataUMTS.csv and DataLTE.csv.
There is a subfolder "cleaned and synced" in the "all_interfaces" folder. This subfolder contains the recordings, cropped to the time window where traffic was sent on all interfaces. They are synchronised so that each row represents the same timestamp across all three files.
